- [Instructor] In order to get the most out of this course,
let's take a look at the skills that we need
in order to get on with this.
The first thing is,
you will of course require a basic understanding
of what JSON and XML formats look like,
how they're written out, et cetera.
A very good knowledge of the fundamentals
of Java Standard Edition APIs is necessary for this course.
You should be very comfortable working
with the NetBeans IDE or any other IDE of your choice.
Basically, an integrated development environment
for coding Java applications.
This knowledge is necessary.
And then lastly,
we're going to build a small RESTful web application
at the end of the course,
so a basic knowledge of that would be really helpful.